PART 1A

bigger d_model is the biggest and probably only real factor for a real increase in performances.
Probably due to the fact that i could not train bigger models the other methods such as:
-increasing layers
-increasing heads
-adding dropouts (of various kinds)
-weight tiying 
my hypothesis is that the model is still too small in order to benefit from such techniques, adding complexity but without much possible gain.
In particular is rather clear that the model dont suffer much from overfitting so it doesnt require additional regularization.
probably i should showcase dropout not really working even on different values.
the only "good" results i got with dropout was with the dropout on the ffn, with a 0.1 value. 
Even then the results are not really that much different from the bigger model.
Weight tying is also not really working, probably because the model is too small to benefit from it, and it just adds more constraints without much gain in performance.
But given that using weight tying we are reducing the number of parameters i tested out a bigger model with weight tying, in this case the results are a bit better.
The final configuration with the best results was the one with weight tying, biggest d_model and ff_dim, also with ff_dropout to 0.1.

PART 1B
The LoRA adapter converges really fast 3/4 epochs max and has from epoch 1 high performances compared to the previous PART 1A results.
The fact that is adapting a much larger and stronger model simply outdoes every little model i trained earlier.
It this computationally slower than training a small model from scratch.

PART 2A
The story for these experiments its pretty much the same as 1A, in this case i could test out a few different sizes of model.
performances scales only in a significant way only based on model size. 
Bigger model results in faster and better convergence, even though smaller model converges slower the results are still rather similar and really high still.
This is especially easier to spot on the slot f1 graphs, which have a really clean curve compared to the more noisy intent accuracy.
still the 2 metrics in all tests goes hand to hand in perfomances.

PART 2B 
Once again here the GPT2 and Bert model both outperform the smaller models, and they converge really fast.
Here i tried first gpt2-small for testing purposes and even that model completely outperformes the models from PART 2A.
Following i trained with gpt2 and bert-base-uncased, bert being slightly better than gpt2.
As the 2 models work in different manner i had to choose how to use them.
for GPT2 i used for intent tp pick the last non-pad token (last_idx = attention_mask.sum(dim=1)-1) and pass its hidden state to the intent_head.
